[Images] Fleshed out API request page (#4297)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/api-request.md

>   -F file=@./<YOUR_IMAGE>

Reviewer: Should this line also use the `<YOUR_IMAGE.IMG>` placeholder, with extension?

Author: Yup. Thanks!

```

Refer to [Upload images](/images/cloudflare-images/upload-images/) for a complete overview of the different options to upload images with the API.

After uploading your images, a successful response will look similar to this:

```json
{
  "result": {
    "id": "<YOUR_IMAGE_ID>",
    "filename": "<YOUR_IMAGE.IMG>",
    "uploaded": "2021-09-14T05:52:14.767Z",
    "requireSignedURLs": false,
    "variants": [

>       "https://imagedelivery.net/<ACCOUNT_HASH>/<IMAGE_ID>/<VARIANT_NAME>"

Reviewer: Does `<IMAGE_ID>` have the same value of `<YOUR_IMAGE_ID>` (line 47)? If it has, I would use the same placeholder name in both cases. There are several occurrences of this in the page.

Author: Yes, it has. Good catch.

    ]
  },
  "result_info": null,
  "success": true,
  "errors": [],
  "messages": []
}
```

The response has details regarding the image you uploaded, such as its ID as well as the default `public` variant URL. In the above example, the `public` variant would show as `https://imagedelivery.net/<ACCOUNT_HASH>/<IMAGE_ID>/public`.

After you [set up other variants](/images/cloudflare-images/resize-images/) in your account, the `"variants"` property in the response will show the URLs for them:

```json
{
  "result": {
    "id": "<YOUR_IMAGE_ID>",
    "filename": "<YOUR_IMAGE.IMG>",
    "uploaded": "2021-09-14T05:52:14.767Z",
    "requireSignedURLs": false,
    "variants": [
      "https://imagedelivery.net/<ACCOUNT_HASH>/<IMAGE_ID>/public",
      "https://imagedelivery.net/<ACCOUNT_HASH>/<IMAGE_ID>/<VARIANT_NAME_1>",
      "https://imagedelivery.net/<ACCOUNT_HASH>/<IMAGE_ID>/<VARIANT_NAME_2>"
    ]
  },
  "result_info": null,
  "success": true,
  "errors": [],
  "messages": []
}
```

> You can use the `variants` URL from the response to [serve images](/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/) from your Cloudflare Images account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the URLs in the `"variants"` property of the response to [serve images](/images/cloudflare-images/serve-images/) from your Cloudflare Images account.
```
